fix(menu): slugs (#4278)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/veeam-backup-replication-s3/index.mdx

    <Lightbox src="scaleway-veeam-07.webp" alt="" />
9. Click **Add** (1) to enter the [API key](/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/) (2) related to the bucket. Optionally a description can be provided:
    <Lightbox src="scaleway-veeam-08.webp" alt="" />

> 10. Provide the **Service Point** ([regional endpoint](/objectstorage/concepts/#endpoint)), and the **Region** of your bucket, then click **Next**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Provide the **Service Point** ([regional endpoint](/object-storage/concepts/#endpoint)), and the **Region** of your bucket, then click **Next**:
```
